this is where we were filming seven
journalists clearly identifiable on a
hill in the Lebanese Village of al-
masab in full view of Israeli forces
less than 2 km across the border they
were reporting on hostilities between
the Israeli Army and Hezbollah on
another Hill separated by a valley when
they were
attacked we felt blessed for the first
rocket the first rocket took uh Isam and
uh Christina was uh
very very bad injured Ali sustained
serious injuries in a second strike just
seconds later after he saw his friend
Isam Abdullah blown through a wall by
what's believed to have been a shell
fired by a
tank the moment I did my move like from
the other side of the car the second
rocket was hit the front of the car the
same place where I wasu standing human
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty
International concluded the journalists
who were in an open location for more
than an hour before the attack were
likely directly targeted by Israeli
forces their findings showed the
journalists were well removed from the
fighting not close to a military Target
and insight of Israeli military
locations and surveillance towers and
air
assets our AIO analysis has also
indicated that in the last 25 minutes
before they were struck this is two
separate audio analysis that there was a
drone that circled near the journalist
position 11 times in those last 25
minutes Israel has said the incident is
under
review what I hope this this
investigation does is prove what
happened and get some sort of
accountability maybe it's not Justice
Isam will never come back Lebanese
officials call the targeting of
journalists deliberate a war crime and
an attempt to silence the media that
exposed is Israel's crimes they have
filed complaints to the United Nations
but they say nothing has
happened critics say Israel carries out
crimes and violate human rights with
near
impunity and if
someone do this assault on us or the
attacks and get away with it he would
repeat it again and
again exactly a month later two
successive
strikes hit several meters from a group
of Journal on a tour along the
border a week later two journalists
Farah Omar and Rabia M were killed also
by direct Israeli fire in the village of
terara a few kilometers from the
border this is our last selfie
mean this is like maybe 2 minutes before
the the rocket Z AL jaaz Southern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer